## Splodey

Splodey is a player for Giant Bomb videos.
It includes:

- Downloads
- Searches
- Synced Progress
- Queues
- Chromecast

It is built using SwiftUI and Catalyst for iOS, iPadOS, and macOS as a learning project.

### Issues and suggestions

If you're having a problem with Splodey or want to suggest a new feature, pop over to our [issues page](https://github.com/JesalR/SplodeySupport/issues). You can see anybody elses issues and join in discussion.

### Privacy Policy
I built the Splodey app as a Free app. This SERVICE is provided by at no cost and is intended for use as is.

This page is used to inform visitors regarding my policies with the collection, use, and disclosure of Personal Information if anyone decided to use my Service.

If you choose to use my Service, then you agree to the collection and use of information in relation to this policy. The Personal Information that I collect is used for providing and improving the Service. I will not use or share your information with anyone except as described in this Privacy Policy.

The terms used in this Privacy Policy have the same meanings as in our Terms and Conditions, which is accessible at Splodey unless otherwise defined in this Privacy Policy.

**Information Collection and Use**

No personally identifiable information will be collected or stored by myself.

The app does use third party services that may collect information used to identify you.

Link to privacy policy of third party service providers used by the app

*   [Sentry](https://sentry.io/privacy/)
Sentry is used solely for the sake of collection crash reports to help make Splodey a better application.

**Security**

I value your trust in providing us your Personal Information, thus we are striving to use commercially acceptable means of protecting it. But remember that no method of transmission over the internet, or method of electronic storage is 100% secure and reliable, and I cannot guarantee its absolute security.

**Children’s Privacy**

These Services do not address anyone under the age of 13. I do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from children under 13\. In the case I discover that a child under 13 has provided me with personal information, I immediately delete this from our servers. If you are a parent or guardian and you are aware that your child has provided us with personal information, please contact me so that I will be able to do necessary actions.

**Changes to This Privacy Policy**

I may update our Privacy Policy from time to time. Thus, you are advised to review this page periodically for any changes. I will notify you of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page.

This policy is effective as of 2020-05-22

This privacy policy page was created at [privacypolicytemplate.net](https://privacypolicytemplate.net) and modified/generated by [App Privacy Policy Generator](https://app-privacy-policy-generator.firebaseapp.com/)
